my rotator cuffs may seem impressive but
really anybody can work up to this
what's really impressive is that the
public was never even taught that your
rotator cuff isn't actually a cup it's
actually four different muscles that
come from your shoulder blade one of
them comes from underneath your shoulder
blade and it wraps around and goes to
the front of your shoulder one of them
comes from on top of your shoulder blade
and wraps around to the very top of your
shoulder and the other two wrap around
from the back of your shoulder blade to
the back of your shoulder and lucky for
us we don't actually have to work on
each individual muscle separately for
instance I want flexible and strong
shoulders so I'm going to do three
things the first thing is a pushing
motion with a long range of motion a
pulling exercise of some kind preferably
with a full lockout like that and lastly
find a stretch that works for you I like
this one because it stretches both the
chest and the lat which contributes to
how tight your shoulders can get so it's
not always about the rotator cuff stay
flexy